Initial return ipam custom lookups (#1007)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/migrating-from-netbox.md

### IPAM Network Field Types

!!! tip

> 	Prior to Nautobot 1.2, IPAM network objects were overhauled and network membership queries using nested filter expressions and custom lookups will required updats in your code. Since Nautobot 1.2, you can use the same custom lookups for all use cases within MySQL and most use cases for Postgresql. See [filtering documentation](../rest-api/filtering.md#Network-and-Host-Fields) for more details.

Reviewer: Perhaps?

```suggestion
	Nautobot 1.2 and later supports most of the same filter-based network membership queries as NetBox. See [below](#membership-lookups) and the [filtering documentation](../rest-api/filtering.md#Network-and-Host-Fields) for more details. (Prior to Nautobot 1.2, IPAM network objects only supported model-manager-based methods for network membership filtering.) 
```

!!! note

> 	Nautobot did not mimic the support of non-subnets for the `net_in` query to avoid mistakes and confusion caused by an IP address being mistaken for a /32 as an example.

Reviewer: This note seems like it would be better located under the `Membership Lookups` subheading.

#### Membership Lookups

> Prior to Nautobot 1.2 network membership queries of IPAM objects could no longer be performed using nested filter expressions. For backward compatibility reasons, the model manager methods are provided. For the methodology of filtering prior to Nautobot 1.2, please refer to documentation in 1.0 or 1.1.

Author: I think it is actually a django netfields creation, so just trying to be more semantically correct. 

```suggestion
Nautobot 1.0.x and 1.1.x did not support the custom lookup expressions that NetBox supported for membership queries on IPAM objects (such as `Prefix.objects.filter(prefix__net_contained="10.0.0.0/24")`), but instead provided an alternate approach using model manager methods (such as `Prefix.objects.net_contained("10.0.0.0/24")`).

In Nautobot 1.2.0 and later, both model manager methods and custom lookup expressions are supported for this purpose, but the latter are now preferred for most use cases and are generally equivalent to their counterparts in NetBox.
```

#### Membership Lookups

Nautobot 1.0.x and 1.1.x did not support the custom lookup expressions that NetBox supported for membership queries on IPAM objects (such as `Prefix.objects.filter(prefix__net_contained="10.0.0.0/24")`), but instead provided an alternate approach using model manager methods (such as `Prefix.objects.net_contained("10.0.0.0/24")`).

In Nautobot 1.2.0 and later, both model manager methods and custom lookup expressions are supported for this purpose, but the latter are now preferred for most use cases and are generally equivalent to their counterparts in NetBox.

##### net_mask_length

*Returns target addresses matching the source address prefix length.*

!!! note

> 	The NetBox filter net_mask_length should use the `prefix_length` field for filtering.

Reviewer: Perhaps just remove this note, I don't think it adds much compared to the worked examples immediately below.
